Netflix/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.




## Project Details 

-setup the project with tailwind 
-Header
-routing
-Build are signup form
-Build a login form
-Form validation
-useRef Hooks
-Firebase setup
-Depolying our app to production
create SignUp User account
-Implement signIN and signup form Api; 
-Created ReduxStore with userSlice;
-Implement Sign out
-Update Profile
-Bugfix: SignUp user DisplayName and Profile picture.
-BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redireacted to browse to login Page and vice-verse
-Add URL in the Constant File.


## Features in the projects 

 -Login/SignUp
         -Sign In / Sign Up Form
         -redirect to Browser page
 -Browse (After authentication )
         -Header 
         -Main Moive 
              -Tailer in Background 
              -title & Description 
              -MovieSuggestions
                  -MovieLists * N
-NetflexGPT
    SEARCH Bar 
    Movies Suggestions

Commit message:

fetching moviesdata&&show to the mainContainer dynamacally

Netflix/README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.




## Project Details 

-setup the project with tailwind 
-Header
-routing
-Build are signup form
-Build a login form
-Form validation
-useRef Hooks
-Firebase setup
-Depolying our app to production
create SignUp User account
-Implement signIN and signup form Api; 
-Created ReduxStore with userSlice;
-Implement Sign out
-Update Profile
-Bugfix: SignUp user DisplayName and Profile picture.
-BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redireacted to browse to login Page and vice-verse
-Add URL in the Constant File.
-Register TMDB API & create an app & Get access token.
-Get data from TMDB to browse Pages.
-Custom Hooks for Now playing movies list ApI
-Create MoviesSlice
-Update Store with moives Data
Planning for mainContainer & secondary container
-Fetching data for trailer Video Data
-update Store With trailer videoData
-Embedded the video and make it autoplay and mute
-Use tailwindCSS to UI of Main Container. 

## Features in the projects 

 -Login/SignUp
         -Sign In / Sign Up Form
         -redirect to Browser page
 -Browse (After authentication )
         -Header 
         -Main Moive 
              -Tailer in Background 
              -title & Description 
              -MovieSuggestions
                  -MovieLists * N
-NetflexGPT
    SEARCH Bar 
    Movies Suggestions
